rmlint: add page (#9090)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rmlint.md

# rmlint

> > Extremely fast tool to remove remove duplicates and other lint from your filesystem.

Reviewer: It's better to just stick to the facts, and avoid adding assessments of speed, quality, aesthetics, etc. Also, note that you wrote "remove" twice :) Here's a suggestion for this description:

```suggestion
> Identify duplicate files or directories, and other filesystem issues.
```

Reviewer: Applied in [`d53236f`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/d53236f122d503f3fb8284f6821bfd4707421a15).

> > More information: <https://rmlint.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://rmlint.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rmlint.1.html>.
```
My suggestion would be to directly link to the man page.

Reviewer: I'd normally prefer the main website when it does contain actual information (as opposed to many project home pages nowadays that seem to me little more than an interactive advertisement poster), which is the case here; however, the manpage is also very well written, and more to-the-point regarding how to use the tool, so in this case I'll agree with @kbdharun that it's a better target for the More info link.

Reviewer: Applied in 40d9eedce1fd7c86defad42ecef67722ff95a17c.

> - Check directory for duplicates, empty files, and other lint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check a directory for duplicates, empty files, and other issues:
```

Reviewer: Applied in [`b6375a1`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/b6375a173de811384fa3df05af3ccadf79c1581e).

`rmlint {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Delete lint files found by an rmlint run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete duplicate files found by an execution of `rmlint`:
```

Reviewer: Applied in [`9ad0fcb`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/9ad0fcb8a887567c297e00bde72677c0c5b5b768).

`./rmlint.sh`

> - Find all duplicates with the same base name:

Reviewer: It may be better to be a little more explicit here:

```suggestion
- Find only duplicates that have the same filename in addition to the same contents:
```

Reviewer: Applied in [`c446a4d`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/c446a4da2b75581568aaaf8f5fd465c2ce5350ec).

`rmlint --match-basename {{path/to/directory}}`

- Find all duplicates with the same extension:

> `rmlint --match-extension {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer: I think this may be a little redundant with the previous example. How about an example for locating duplicate directories, which appears to be a unique feature of this tool among other duplicate finder tools?

Author: I'll get right to that:
- add `-S`
- add `-D`

Reviewer: For future reference, these were added in [`cd1db75`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/cd1db75628e0fa93d84d681769ec83ff5904dbc0).

> # rmlint

Reviewer: Applied in [`87757ef`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/87757ef2d29f6d71fde2043672fb4f73bc4cef37).

> # rmlint

Author: > Applied in [`87757ef`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/87757ef2d29f6d71fde2043672fb4f73bc4cef37).

What did you mean by this?

> # rmlint

Reviewer: This is just for future reference, so that we can later easily look up what commit resolved each discussion. Sorry if that was confusing :)

> Identify duplicate files or directories, and other filesystem issues.
> More information: <https://rmlint.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rmlint.1.html>.

- Check a directory for duplicates, empty files, and other issues:

`rmlint {{path/to/directory}}`

- Delete duplicate files found by an execution of `rmlint`:

`./rmlint.sh`

- Find duplicate directory trees:

`rmlint --merge-directories {{path/to/directory}}`

- Mark files at lower path [d]epth as originals:

> `rmlint --rank-by=d {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer: Applied in [`e98fb23`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/e98fb23dd99129fe6ce4ab3392ee436a139d3cb1).

- Mark files with shortest name [l]ength as originals:

> `rmlint --rank-by=l {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer: Applied in [`071cac8`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/9090/commits/071cac8f532a6c172ede10ede43a726bab89fa88).
